src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:20:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like LOG4J_PROPERTIES_LOCATION
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:20:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like LOG4J_PROPERTIES_LOCATION
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:38:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:38:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like SN
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like SN
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:96:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like CN
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:96:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like CN
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:115:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:115:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:116:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:116:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:117:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:117:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:121:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SECURE_RANDOM_INSTANCE
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceHelper.java:121:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SECURE_RANDOM_INSTANCE
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceImpl' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 158 (highest 40).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceImpl' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 158 (highest 40).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	ExcessiveClassLength: Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	ExcessiveClassLength: Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceImpl' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 33).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceImpl' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 33).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceImpl' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 33).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceImpl' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 33).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:60:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:66:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:66:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:67:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:67:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:68:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:68:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:68:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:68:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:69:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:69:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:70:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:70:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:70:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:70:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:71:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:71:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:71:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:71:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:72:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:72:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:72:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:72:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:73:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:73:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:73:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapInitialContextFactory
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:73:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapInitialContextFactory
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:74:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:74:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:74:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:74:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:75:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:75:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:75:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapSecurityAuthentication
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:75:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapSecurityAuthentication
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:76:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:76:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:76:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:76:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:76:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapSecurityPrincipal
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:76:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapSecurityPrincipal
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:77:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:77:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:77:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapSecurityCredentials
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:77:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapSecurityCredentials
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:78:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:78:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:78:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:78:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:78:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapUserClass' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:78:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapUserClass' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:79:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:79:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:79:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapUserClassAsString
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:79:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapUserClassAsString
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:79:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapUserClassAsString' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:79:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapUserClassAsString' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:80:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:80:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:80:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:80:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:80:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapSleepTime' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:80:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapSleepTime' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:81:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:81:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:81:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:81:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:81:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapRetryParam' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:81:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapRetryParam' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:82:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:82:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:82:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:82:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:82:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapCurrentUserContainer
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:82:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapCurrentUserContainer
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:83:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:83:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:83:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:83:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:83:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapCurrentUniqueKeyField
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:83:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapCurrentUniqueKeyField
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:84:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:84:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:84:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapGroupClass' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:84:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapGroupClass' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:85:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:85:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:85:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:85:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:85:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapGroupClassAsString
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:85:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapGroupClassAsString
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:85:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapGroupClassAsString' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:85:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapGroupClassAsString' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:86:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:86:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:86:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:86:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:86:	SingularField: Perhaps 'useEntireUsername' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:86:	SingularField: Perhaps 'useEntireUsername' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ldapUserCore' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ldapUserCore' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:87:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ldapUserCustom' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ldapUserCustom' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:88:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ldapGroupCore' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ldapGroupCore' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:89:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:91:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:91:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:92:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:92:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	ImmutableField: Private field 'userMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	ImmutableField: Private field 'userMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:93:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:94:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:94:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:94:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:94:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:95:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:95:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:95:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:95:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:96:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:96:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:96:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:96:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:96:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapEncryptPwd' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:96:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapEncryptPwd' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:97:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:97:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:97:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:97:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:97:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapSaltKey' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:97:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapSaltKey' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:98:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:98:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:98:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:98:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:98:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapSecurityKeyFilePath
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:98:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldapSecurityKeyFilePath
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:98:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapSecurityKeyFilePath' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:98:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ldapSecurityKeyFilePath' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:99:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:99:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:99:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:99:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:100:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:100:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:100:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:100:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:100:	ImmutableField: Private field 'useFilePersistence' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:100:	ImmutableField: Private field 'useFilePersistence' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:100:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like useFilePersistence
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:100:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like useFilePersistence
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:101:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:101:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:101:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:101:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:102:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:102:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:102:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:102:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:102:	ImmutableField: Private field 'logLocation' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:102:	ImmutableField: Private field 'logLocation' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	ImmutableField: Private field 'env' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	ImmutableField: Private field 'env' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap: Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap: Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:104:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:105:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:105:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:105:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the scimUtil field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:105:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the scimUtil field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:105:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:105:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:105:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:105:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:108:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:108:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:108:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:108:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:109:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:109:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:110:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " Entering" appears 17 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 110
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:110:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " Entering" appears 17 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 110
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:110:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:110:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:111:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:111:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:114:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:114:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:124:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:124:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initLdapVars()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 25.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initLdapVars()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 25.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'corePropertyName' (lines '132'-'199').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'corePropertyName' (lines '132'-'199').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'customPropertyName' (lines '132'-'188').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'customPropertyName' (lines '132'-'188').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'groupPropertyName' (lines '132'-'210').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'groupPropertyName' (lines '132'-'210').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initLdapVars' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initLdapVars' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	NPathComplexity: The method 'initLdapVars()' has an NPath complexity of 1110
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	NPathComplexity: The method 'initLdapVars()' has an NPath complexity of 1110
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	NcssCount: The method 'initLdapVars()' has a NCSS line count of 79.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	NcssCount: The method 'initLdapVars()' has a NCSS line count of 79.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initLdapVars' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:132:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initLdapVars' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:133:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:133:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:134:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:134:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logProperties' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logProperties' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logStream' (lines '136'-'138').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logStream' (lines '136'-'138').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:153:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stream' (lines '153'-'155').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:153:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stream' (lines '153'-'155').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customPropertyName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customPropertyName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:187:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like customPropertyName
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:187:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like customPropertyName
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customAttribute' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customAttribute' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:190:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:190:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:190:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:190:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'corePropertyName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'corePropertyName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'coreAttribute' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'coreAttribute' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:201:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:201:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:201:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:201:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupPropertyName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupPropertyName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupAttribute' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupAttribute' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:212:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:212:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:212:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:212:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:227:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:227:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:238:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " Exiting" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 238
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:238:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " Exiting" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 238
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:238:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:238:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCustom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCustom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:248:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:248:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:249:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:249:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customAttrAsArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customAttrAsArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:257:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:257:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:267:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:267:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:268:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:268:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'coreAttrAsArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'coreAttrAsArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:271:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:275:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:275:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:284:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'ldapUserCore'.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:284:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'ldapUserCore'.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:285:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:285:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:286:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:286:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupAttrAsArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupAttrAsArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:293:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:293:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:303:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:303:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:304:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:304:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:305:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:305:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:306:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attrFlag' (lines '306'-'308').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:306:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attrFlag' (lines '306'-'308').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:310:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:310:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:321:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usersFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:321:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usersFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'groupsFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'groupsFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:337:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:337:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:338:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:338:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:341:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:341:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:342:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:342:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:345:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:345:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:347:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:347:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:348:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:348:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:349:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:349:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:352:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:352:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createUser(SCIMUser)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createUser(SCIMUser)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createUser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createUser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createUser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:357:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createUser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:359:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:359:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:360:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:360:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:361:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:361:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:363:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:363:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:367:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "OPP Connector Exception" appears 15 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 367
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:367:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "OPP Connector Exception" appears 15 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 367
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '370'-'374').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '370'-'374').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:371:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dnUsername' (lines '371'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:371:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dnUsername' (lines '371'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:372:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '372'-'386').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:372:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '372'-'386').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:372:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '372'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:372:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '372'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:376:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Ldap context could not be fetched" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 376
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:376:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Ldap context could not be fetched" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 376
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:379:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:379:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:382:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'debugKeys' (lines '382'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:382:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'debugKeys' (lines '382'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:382:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'debugKeys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:382:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'debugKeys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:383:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deleteAttrs' (lines '383'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:383:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deleteAttrs' (lines '383'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:383:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteAttrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:383:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteAttrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:384:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'uniqueKeyForAccount' (lines '384'-'399').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:384:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'uniqueKeyForAccount' (lines '384'-'399').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:384:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'uniqueKeyForAccount' (lines '384'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:384:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'uniqueKeyForAccount' (lines '384'-'438').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:384:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like uniqueKeyForAccount
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:384:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like uniqueKeyForAccount
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:386:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:386:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:389:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:389:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:391:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:391:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrFlag' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrFlag' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:399:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:399:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:400:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:400:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:400:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:400:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:400:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:400:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:402:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:402:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:405:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:405:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:405:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:405:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:408:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:408:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:413:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "] User " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 413
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:413:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "] User " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 413
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:413:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:413:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:413:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:413:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:413:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:413:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:421:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:421:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:423:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:423:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:432:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Exception while closing ldap context : " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 432
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:432:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Exception while closing ldap context : " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 432
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:432:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:432:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:436:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:436:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:440:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:440:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:443:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:443:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:445:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:445:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:446:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:446:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:447:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:447:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:452:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:452:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateUser(String, SCIMUser)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 38.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateUser(String, SCIMUser)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 38.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'oldattrName' (lines '456'-'561').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'oldattrName' (lines '456'-'561').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	MissingOverride: The method 'updateUser(String, SCIMUser)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	MissingOverride: The method 'updateUser(String, SCIMUser)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateUser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateUser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	NPathComplexity: The method 'updateUser(String, SCIMUser)' has an NPath complexity of 9717
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	NPathComplexity: The method 'updateUser(String, SCIMUser)' has an NPath complexity of 9717
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	NcssCount: The method 'updateUser(String, SCIMUser)' has a NCSS line count of 129.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	NcssCount: The method 'updateUser(String, SCIMUser)' has a NCSS line count of 129.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	NcssMethodCount: The method updateUser() has an NCSS line count of 129
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	NcssMethodCount: The method updateUser() has an NCSS line count of 129
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateUser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:456:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateUser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:457:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:457:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:458:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:458:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:459:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:459:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:459:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:459:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:459:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:459:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:460:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateFlag' (lines '460'-'479').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:460:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateFlag' (lines '460'-'479').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:460:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'updateFlag' (lines '460'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:460:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'updateFlag' (lines '460'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dnUsername' (lines '461'-'500').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dnUsername' (lines '461'-'500').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newDN' (lines '461'-'501').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newDN' (lines '461'-'501').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'oldDN' (lines '461'-'498').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'oldDN' (lines '461'-'498').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'oldDNUsername' (lines '461'-'497').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'oldDNUsername' (lines '461'-'497').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dnUsername' (lines '461'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dnUsername' (lines '461'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newDN' (lines '461'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newDN' (lines '461'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldDN' (lines '461'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldDN' (lines '461'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldDNUsername' (lines '461'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldDNUsername' (lines '461'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:461:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:463:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '463'-'465').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:463:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '463'-'465').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:469:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:469:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:471:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:471:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:471:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:471:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:472:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:472:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:473:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:473:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:476:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:476:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:477:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "User " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 477
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:477:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "User " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 477
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:477:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:477:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:481:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:481:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:486:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:486:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:489:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:489:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:489:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:489:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:490:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:490:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:491:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:491:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:491:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldAttrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:491:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldAttrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:492:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:492:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:492:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ba' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:492:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ba' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:492:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:492:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:493:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:493:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:493:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:493:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:494:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:494:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:495:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:495:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:496:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:496:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:510:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:510:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:513:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:513:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:514:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:514:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:516:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:516:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:520:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:520:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:521:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:521:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:521:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:521:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:521:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:521:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:522:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:522:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:523:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:523:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:525:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'debugKeys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:525:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'debugKeys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:525:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:525:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:525:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:525:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:526:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'removedKeys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:526:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'removedKeys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:526:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:526:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:526:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:526:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteAttrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteAttrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:529:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:529:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:529:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namingEnum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:529:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namingEnum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:531:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:531:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:532:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:532:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:532:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:532:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:534:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:534:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:534:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:534:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:535:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '535'-'540').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:535:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '535'-'540').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:535:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '535'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:535:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '535'-'665').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:539:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:539:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:539:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:539:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:543:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:543:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:550:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrFlag' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:550:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrFlag' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:552:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:552:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:552:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:552:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:553:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:553:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:560:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldattrName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:560:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldattrName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:562:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:562:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:562:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:562:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:567:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:567:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:567:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:567:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:574:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:574:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:575:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:575:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:577:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:577:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:585:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'difference' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:585:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'difference' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:586:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:586:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:586:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapDiff' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:586:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapDiff' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:594:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:594:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:595:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:595:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:595:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:595:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:595:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:595:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:598:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:598:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:600:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:600:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:602:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:602:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:602:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:602:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:602:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:602:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:604:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:604:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:607:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:607:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:612:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:612:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:613:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteAttrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:613:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteAttrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:615:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:615:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:615:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteNamingEnum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:615:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteNamingEnum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:617:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:617:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:620:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:620:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:621:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:621:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:621:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:621:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:623:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:623:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:623:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:623:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:624:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrFlag' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:624:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrFlag' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:635:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:635:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:635:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:635:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:635:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:635:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:641:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:641:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:645:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:645:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:651:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:651:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:653:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:653:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:659:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:659:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:663:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:663:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:667:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:667:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:670:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:670:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:671:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:671:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:672:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:672:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:678:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:678:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:682:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:682:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:682:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:682:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:682:	MissingOverride: The method 'getUsers(PaginationProperties, SCIMFilter)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:682:	MissingOverride: The method 'getUsers(PaginationProperties, SCIMFilter)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:683:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:683:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:684:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:684:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:685:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:685:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:686:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '686'-'691').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:686:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '686'-'691').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:686:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '686'-'716').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:686:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '686'-'716').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:686:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:686:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:687:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '687'-'705').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:687:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '687'-'705').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:689:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:689:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:694:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:694:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:705:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '705'-'716').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:705:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '705'-'716').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:711:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:711:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:714:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:714:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:718:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:718:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:719:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:719:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:725:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:725:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:730:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:730:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:731:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:731:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:732:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:732:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:733:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:733:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:735:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'unprocessedUsers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:735:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'unprocessedUsers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:736:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'processedUsers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:736:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'processedUsers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:736:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:736:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:737:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:737:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:738:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:738:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:741:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:741:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:750:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:750:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:754:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:754:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:765:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:765:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:765:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:765:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:765:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:765:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:765:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:765:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:766:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:766:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:767:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:767:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:768:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:768:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:769:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:769:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:770:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:770:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:770:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:770:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:771:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:771:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:772:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '772'-'776').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:772:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '772'-'776').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:772:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '772'-'789').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:772:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '772'-'789').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:774:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:774:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:775:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:775:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:775:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:775:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:775:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:775:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:776:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '776'-'789').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:776:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '776'-'789').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:776:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:776:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:777:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:777:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:784:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:784:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:787:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:787:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:791:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:791:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:792:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:792:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:795:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:795:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:796:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:796:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:798:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:798:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:801:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:801:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:806:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:806:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:806:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:806:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:806:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createGroup(SCIMGroup)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:806:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createGroup(SCIMGroup)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:806:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:806:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:807:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:807:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:808:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:808:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:809:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:809:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:812:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '812'-'815').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:812:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '812'-'815').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:813:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '813'-'822').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:813:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '813'-'822').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:813:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '813'-'854').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:813:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '813'-'854').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:819:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:819:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:821:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'debugKeys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:821:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'debugKeys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:822:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '822'-'854').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:822:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '822'-'854').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:822:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:822:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:824:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:824:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:827:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:827:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:827:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:827:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:828:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:828:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:832:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:832:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:836:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:836:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:838:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:838:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:848:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:848:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:852:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:852:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:856:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:856:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:859:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:859:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:865:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:865:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateGroup(String, SCIMGroup)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateGroup(String, SCIMGroup)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	MissingOverride: The method 'updateGroup(String, SCIMGroup)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	MissingOverride: The method 'updateGroup(String, SCIMGroup)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:869:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:870:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:870:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:871:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:871:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:872:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:872:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:873:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchDN' (lines '873'-'916').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:873:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchDN' (lines '873'-'916').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:873:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:873:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:874:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'oldDN' (lines '874'-'887').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:874:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'oldDN' (lines '874'-'887').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:874:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldDN' (lines '874'-'916').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:874:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldDN' (lines '874'-'916').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:875:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:875:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:876:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '876'-'916').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:876:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '876'-'916').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:876:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:876:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:878:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '878'-'880').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:878:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '878'-'880').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:884:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:884:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:885:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:885:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:885:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:885:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:885:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:885:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:886:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:886:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:889:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:889:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:894:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:894:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:897:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:897:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:901:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:901:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:903:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:903:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:910:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:910:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:914:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:914:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:918:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:918:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:921:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:921:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:922:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:922:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:923:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:923:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:926:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:926:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:928:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:928:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:933:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:933:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:933:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:933:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:934:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:934:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:935:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:935:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:936:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:936:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:939:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'unprocessedGroups' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:939:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'unprocessedGroups' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:940:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'processedGroups' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:940:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'processedGroups' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:940:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:940:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:941:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:941:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:941:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:941:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:942:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:942:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:942:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:942:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:945:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:945:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:957:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:957:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:960:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:960:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:964:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:964:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:974:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:974:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:974:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:974:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:974:	MissingOverride: The method 'getGroup(String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:974:	MissingOverride: The method 'getGroup(String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:974:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:974:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:975:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:975:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:976:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:976:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:977:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:977:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:978:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:978:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:979:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:979:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:980:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '980'-'985').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:980:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '980'-'985').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:980:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '980'-'997').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:980:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '980'-'997').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:982:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:982:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:984:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:984:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:984:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:984:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:984:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:984:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:985:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '985'-'997').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:985:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '985'-'997').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:985:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:985:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:989:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:989:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:993:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:993:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:999:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:999:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'deleteGroup(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'deleteGroup(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	MissingOverride: The method 'deleteGroup(String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	MissingOverride: The method 'deleteGroup(String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1008:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1009:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1009:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1010:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1010:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1011:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1011:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1012:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1012:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1013:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1013:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1014:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1014:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ldapFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1016:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '1,016'-'1,019').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1016:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '1,016'-'1,019').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1018:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'queryResults' (lines '1,018'-'1,048').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1018:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'queryResults' (lines '1,018'-'1,048').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1018:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1018:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1018:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1018:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1023:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1023:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1023:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1023:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1023:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1023:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1024:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1024:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1027:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1027:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1029:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1029:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1029:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1029:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1034:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1034:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1036:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1036:	DoNotThrowExceptionInFinally: A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1043:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1043:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1047:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1047:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1050:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1050:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1051:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1051:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1053:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1053:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1054:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1054:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1055:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1055:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1057:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1057:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1062:	MissingOverride: The method 'getImplementedUserManagementCapabilities()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1062:	MissingOverride: The method 'getImplementedUserManagementCapabilities()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1075:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1075:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1075:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1075:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1076:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1076:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1088:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resourceType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1088:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resourceType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1090:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1090:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1090:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1090:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1093:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1093:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1096:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1096:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1101:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1101:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1102:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1102:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'compareUserObjects(ArrayList, SCIMUser)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 40.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'compareUserObjects(ArrayList, SCIMUser)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 40.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attrName' (lines '1,111'-'1,230').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attrName' (lines '1,111'-'1,230').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'oldattrName' (lines '1,111'-'1,122').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'oldattrName' (lines '1,111'-'1,122').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'queryResults' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'queryResults' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'compareUserObjects' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'compareUserObjects' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	NPathComplexity: The method 'compareUserObjects(ArrayList, SCIMUser)' has an NPath complexity of 1286470
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	NPathComplexity: The method 'compareUserObjects(ArrayList, SCIMUser)' has an NPath complexity of 1286470
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	NcssCount: The method 'compareUserObjects(ArrayList, SCIMUser)' has a NCSS line count of 91.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	NcssCount: The method 'compareUserObjects(ArrayList, SCIMUser)' has a NCSS line count of 91.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'compareUserObjects' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1111:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'compareUserObjects' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1112:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1112:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1112:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1112:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1112:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1112:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1113:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1113:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1114:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1114:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultFlag' (lines '1,115'-'1,238').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultFlag' (lines '1,115'-'1,238').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultFlag' (lines '1,115'-'1,243').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultFlag' (lines '1,115'-'1,243').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultFlag' (lines '1,115'-'1,264').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultFlag' (lines '1,115'-'1,264').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldAttrMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldAttrMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'diffAttrMap' (lines '1,117'-'1,264').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'diffAttrMap' (lines '1,117'-'1,264').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'diffAttrMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'diffAttrMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldattrName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldattrName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1123:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1123:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1125:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1125:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1125:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1125:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1127:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1127:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1129:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1129:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1133:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1133:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1133:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1133:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1135:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1135:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1137:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1137:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1137:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1137:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1139:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1139:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1141:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1141:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1141:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1141:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1143:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1143:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1144:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1144:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1144:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1144:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1151:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1151:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1152:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1152:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'json' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'json' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1153:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mapper' (lines '1,153'-'1,264').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1153:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mapper' (lines '1,153'-'1,264').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1154:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newOktaAttrMap' (lines '1,154'-'1,157').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1154:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newOktaAttrMap' (lines '1,154'-'1,157').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1154:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1154:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newOktaAttrMap' (lines '1,157'-'1,264').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newOktaAttrMap' (lines '1,157'-'1,264').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1166:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'country' (lines '1,166'-'1,167').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1166:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'country' (lines '1,166'-'1,167').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1168:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1168:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1173:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'language' (lines '1,173'-'1,174').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1173:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'language' (lines '1,173'-'1,174').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1174:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1174:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1175:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1175:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailAttr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailAttr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1181:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1181:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1182:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1182:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1184:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1184:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1185:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1185:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1185:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1185:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1185:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1185:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1186:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1186:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1190:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1190:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1200:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1200:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1200:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1200:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1202:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1202:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1202:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1202:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1204:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1204:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1205:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1205:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneNums' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneNums' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'number' (lines '1,206'-'1,211').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'number' (lines '1,206'-'1,211').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1208:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1208:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1210:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1210:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1211:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1211:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1215:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1215:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1218:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1218:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1220:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1220:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1231:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1231:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1231:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1231:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1231:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1231:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1231:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1231:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1239:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1239:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1244:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1244:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1257:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1257:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1262:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceImpl.java:1262:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:2:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:2:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:58:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:58:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceUtil' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 192 (highest 32).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceUtil' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 192 (highest 32).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	ExcessiveClassLength: Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	ExcessiveClassLength: Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceUtil' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 22).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceUtil' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 22).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceUtil' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 22).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SCIMServiceUtil' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 22).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:63:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:64:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:64:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:66:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:66:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:66:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:66:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:66:	ImmutableField: Private field 'useFilePersistence' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:66:	ImmutableField: Private field 'useFilePersistence' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:66:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like useFilePersistence
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:66:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like useFilePersistence
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:67:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:67:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:68:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:68:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:68:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:68:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:68:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:68:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:68:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:68:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:69:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:69:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:69:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:69:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:69:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:69:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:70:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:70:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:70:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:70:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:70:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:70:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:70:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:70:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:71:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:71:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:71:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:71:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:71:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:71:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:71:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap: Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:71:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap: Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:72:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:72:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:72:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:72:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:73:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:73:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:74:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:74:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:74:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:74:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:75:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:75:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:76:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:76:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:76:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:76:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:77:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:77:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:78:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:78:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:78:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:78:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:79:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:79:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:80:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:80:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:80:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:80:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:82:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:82:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:83:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:83:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:114:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:114:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapGroupCore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapGroupCore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:114:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:114:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'env' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'env' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCustom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserCustom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'useEntireUsername' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'useEntireUsername' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userCustomUrn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userCustomUrn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap: Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:115:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap: Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'ldapGroupClass' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'ldapGroupClass' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'ldapUserClass' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'ldapUserClass' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapBaseDn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapBaseDn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapGroupClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapGroupClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserDn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserDn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserPre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapUserPre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapRetryParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapRetryParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapSleepTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ldapSleepTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextGroupId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextGroupId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:118:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:118:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:119:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " Entering" appears 18 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 119
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:119:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " Entering" appears 18 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 119
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:119:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:119:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:134:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " Exiting" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 134
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:134:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " Exiting" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 134
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:134:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:134:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:144:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:144:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:145:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:145:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:146:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextID' (lines '146'-'148').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:146:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextID' (lines '146'-'148').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:146:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextID' (lines '146'-'151').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:146:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextID' (lines '146'-'151').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:148:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:148:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:149:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:149:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:152:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:152:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:154:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:154:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:158:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:158:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:168:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:168:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:169:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:169:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:170:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '170'-'176').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:170:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '170'-'176').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:171:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:171:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:174:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:174:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'val' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'val' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:176:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:176:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:180:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:180:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:182:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:182:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:194:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:194:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:195:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:195:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:196:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retName' (lines '196'-'198').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:196:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retName' (lines '196'-'198').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:196:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retName' (lines '196'-'200').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:196:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retName' (lines '196'-'200').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:200:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:200:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:202:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:202:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:213:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:213:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:214:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:214:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:215:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:215:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:216:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '216'-'220').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:216:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '216'-'220').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:216:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '216'-'223').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:216:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '216'-'223').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:216:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:216:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:218:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:218:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:221:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:221:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:225:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:225:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:227:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:227:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:232:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:232:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:238:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getUsersByOrFilter(SCIMFilter)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:238:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getUsersByOrFilter(SCIMFilter)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:238:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'subFilter' (lines '238'-'263').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:238:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'subFilter' (lines '238'-'263').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:238:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:238:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:239:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:239:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:240:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:240:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:242:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:242:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subFilters' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subFilters' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:245:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:245:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:246:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '246'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:246:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '246'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:246:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:246:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:246:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:246:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:249:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Ldap context could not be fetched" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 249
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:249:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Ldap context could not be fetched" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 249
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:251:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '251'-'270').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:251:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '251'-'270').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:251:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '251'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:251:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '251'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:253:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dn' (lines '253'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:253:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dn' (lines '253'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:253:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:253:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'controls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'controls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '257'-'268').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '257'-'268').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '257'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '257'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:258:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'primaryEmailLookup' (lines '258'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:258:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'primaryEmailLookup' (lines '258'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:258:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:258:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:258:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryEmailLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:258:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryEmailLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondaryEmailLookup' (lines '259'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondaryEmailLookup' (lines '259'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmailLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmailLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:259:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryEmailLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:259:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryEmailLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:263:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:263:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:265:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '265'-'265').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:265:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '265'-'265').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:265:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '265'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:265:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '265'-'296').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:267:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:267:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:273:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:273:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:280:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Exception while fetching users, " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 280
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:280:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Exception while fetching users, " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 280
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:280:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:280:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:282:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:282:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:282:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'NamingException' branch
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:282:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'NamingException' branch
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:283:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:283:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:293:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:293:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:294:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:294:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:298:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:298:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:301:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:301:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getUsersByEqualityFilter(SCIMFilter)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 23.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getUsersByEqualityFilter(SCIMFilter)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 23.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getUsersByEqualityFilter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getUsersByEqualityFilter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	NcssCount: The method 'getUsersByEqualityFilter(SCIMFilter)' has a NCSS line count of 75.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	NcssCount: The method 'getUsersByEqualityFilter(SCIMFilter)' has a NCSS line count of 75.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getUsersByEqualityFilter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:308:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getUsersByEqualityFilter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:309:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:309:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:310:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:310:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:311:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '311'-'405').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:311:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '311'-'405').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:311:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:311:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:311:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:311:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:312:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '312'-'405').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:312:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '312'-'405').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:312:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:312:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:312:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:312:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:313:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:313:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:317:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '317'-'405').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:317:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '317'-'405').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:317:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:317:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:319:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:319:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:320:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:320:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'controls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'controls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'331').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'331').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'340').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'340').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'351').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'351').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'359').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'359').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'380').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '324'-'380').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:325:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:325:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:327:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:327:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:329:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usernameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:329:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usernameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:330:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:330:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:333:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:333:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:336:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:336:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:338:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:338:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:339:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:339:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:342:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:342:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:344:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:344:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:346:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:346:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:346:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subFieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:346:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subFieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:348:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:348:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:349:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'familyNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:349:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'familyNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:350:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:350:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:353:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:353:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:356:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:356:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'givenNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'givenNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:358:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:358:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:361:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:361:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:366:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:366:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:366:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:366:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:368:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:368:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:371:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:371:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:377:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:377:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:378:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:378:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:379:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:379:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:379:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:379:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:385:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:385:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:386:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:386:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:387:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:387:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:387:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:387:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:388:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:388:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:388:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:388:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:393:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:393:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:395:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:395:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:395:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'NamingException' branch
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:395:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'NamingException' branch
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:396:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:396:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:403:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:403:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:415:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:415:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:416:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:416:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:417:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '417'-'421').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:417:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '417'-'421').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:421:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:421:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:424:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:424:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:428:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:428:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:434:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:434:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:438:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:438:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:442:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:442:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:443:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:443:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, boolean, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 32.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, boolean, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 32.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	NPathComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, boolean, boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 2220
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	NPathComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, boolean, boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 2220
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	NcssCount: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, boolean, boolean)' has a NCSS line count of 80.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	NcssCount: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, boolean, boolean)' has a NCSS line count of 80.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:454:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromUser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:455:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:455:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:456:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:456:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:457:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:457:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:458:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:458:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:460:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'objclass' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:460:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'objclass' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '461'-'473').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '461'-'473').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:463:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:463:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:465:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:465:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:468:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:468:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:469:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:469:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:469:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:469:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:470:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:470:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:472:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:472:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:472:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:472:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:475:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:475:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:475:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:475:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:476:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:476:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:481:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:481:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:481:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:481:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:482:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:482:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:488:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:488:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:488:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:488:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:489:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:489:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:495:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:495:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:495:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:495:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:499:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:499:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:502:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:502:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:502:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:502:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:507:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:507:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:507:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:507:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:510:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:510:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:510:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:510:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:510:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:510:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	StringToString: Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:514:	StringToString: Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'passwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'passwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:528:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:528:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:534:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'primaryEmailAttr' (lines '534'-'555').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:534:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'primaryEmailAttr' (lines '534'-'555').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:534:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailAttr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:534:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailAttr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:535:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondaryEmailAttr' (lines '535'-'555').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:535:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondaryEmailAttr' (lines '535'-'555').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:535:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmailAttr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:535:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmailAttr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:535:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryEmailAttr
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:535:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryEmailAttr
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:536:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:536:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:536:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:536:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:537:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:537:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:538:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:538:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:539:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:539:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:540:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:543:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:543:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:546:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:546:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:547:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:547:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:553:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:553:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:563:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:563:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:563:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'country' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:563:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'country' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:563:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:563:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:564:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:564:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:565:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:565:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:566:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '566'-'568').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:566:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '566'-'568').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:566:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '566'-'572').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:566:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '566'-'572').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:566:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '566'-'581').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:566:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '566'-'581').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:568:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '568'-'581').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:568:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '568'-'581').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:571:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locale' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:571:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locale' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:572:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '572'-'581').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:572:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iso3Country' (lines '572'-'581').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:572:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:572:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:572:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:572:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:576:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:576:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:588:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:588:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:589:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:589:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:594:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:594:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:601:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:601:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:602:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:602:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:603:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:603:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:604:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'phoneUtil' (lines '604'-'623').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:604:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'phoneUtil' (lines '604'-'623').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:604:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneUtil' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:604:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneUtil' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:605:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mobilePhoneMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:605:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mobilePhoneMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:605:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:605:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:605:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:605:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:606:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:606:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:609:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numberProto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:609:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numberProto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:610:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:610:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:610:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nationalNumber' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:610:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nationalNumber' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:611:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'smsCountryName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:611:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'smsCountryName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:616:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:616:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:621:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:621:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:626:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:626:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:633:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:633:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:634:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputPattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:634:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputPattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:635:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'outputPattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:635:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'outputPattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:636:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inputDate' (lines '636'-'641').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:636:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inputDate' (lines '636'-'641').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:637:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outputDate' (lines '637'-'642').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:637:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outputDate' (lines '637'-'642').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:639:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputFormatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:639:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputFormatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:639:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:639:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:640:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'outputFormatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:640:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'outputFormatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:640:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:640:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:645:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:645:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:651:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:651:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:652:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:652:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:665:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructCustomAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, Attributes, boolean, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:665:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructCustomAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, Attributes, boolean, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:665:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructCustomAttrsFromUser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:665:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructCustomAttrsFromUser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:665:	NPathComplexity: The method 'constructCustomAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, Attributes, boolean, boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 1875
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:665:	NPathComplexity: The method 'constructCustomAttrsFromUser(SCIMUser, Attributes, boolean, boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 1875
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:665:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructCustomAttrsFromUser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:665:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructCustomAttrsFromUser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:666:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:666:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:667:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:667:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:668:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:668:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:669:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:669:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:670:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:670:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:672:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emptyArr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:672:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emptyArr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:673:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '673'-'683').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:673:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '673'-'683').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:678:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:678:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:681:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:681:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:682:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:682:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:683:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '683'-'685').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:683:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '683'-'685').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:683:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '683'-'754').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:683:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '683'-'754').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:684:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:684:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:685:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '685'-'754').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:685:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '685'-'754').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:688:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:688:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:691:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:691:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:692:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:692:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:694:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:694:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:694:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:694:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:695:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'customAttr' (lines '695'-'754').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:695:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'customAttr' (lines '695'-'754').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:695:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:695:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:697:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:697:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:697:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'customAttr' (lines '697'-'754').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:697:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'customAttr' (lines '697'-'754').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:700:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:700:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:700:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:700:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:701:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:701:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:701:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:701:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:706:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:706:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:706:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:706:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:707:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:707:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:707:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:707:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:713:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:713:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:713:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:713:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:715:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:715:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:715:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:715:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:721:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:721:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:721:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:721:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:728:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:728:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:728:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:728:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:731:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:731:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:743:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:743:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:743:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:743:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:744:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:744:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:744:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:744:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:744:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lang' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:744:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lang' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:744:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:744:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:745:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:745:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:745:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'language' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:745:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'language' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:752:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:752:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:756:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:756:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:757:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:757:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:758:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:758:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:766:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:766:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:767:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:767:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:771:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:771:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:772:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formattedNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:772:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formattedNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:772:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like formattedNameLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:772:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like formattedNameLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:773:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formattedName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:773:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formattedName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:774:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:774:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:775:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:775:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:775:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:775:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:776:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'givenNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:776:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'givenNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:777:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'givenName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:777:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'givenName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:778:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fullName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:778:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fullName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:780:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:780:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:781:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:781:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:781:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:781:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:783:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:783:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userNameLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:784:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:784:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:786:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'phoneNums' (lines '786'-'824').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:786:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'phoneNums' (lines '786'-'824').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:786:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneNums' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:786:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneNums' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:786:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:786:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:787:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneNumsAttrLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:787:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneNumsAttrLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:787:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like phoneNumsAttrLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:787:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like phoneNumsAttrLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:788:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'phoneNumsAttr' (lines '788'-'790').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:788:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'phoneNumsAttr' (lines '788'-'790').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:789:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:789:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:792:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:792:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:801:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:801:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:801:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:801:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:803:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:803:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:803:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:803:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:804:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:804:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:804:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:804:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:810:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:810:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:810:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:810:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:811:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:811:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:811:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryEmailLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:811:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryEmailLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:812:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:812:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:813:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:813:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:814:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:814:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryEmailEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:816:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmailLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:816:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmailLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:816:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryEmailLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:816:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryEmailLookup
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:817:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:817:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:818:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmailEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:818:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secondaryEmailEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:818:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryEmailEntry
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:818:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryEmailEntry
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:822:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:822:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:826:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:826:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:827:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:827:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:837:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:837:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:838:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:838:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:839:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:839:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:841:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emptyArr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:841:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emptyArr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:842:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '842'-'850').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:842:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '842'-'850').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:842:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '842'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:842:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '842'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:844:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '844'-'855').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:844:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '844'-'855').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:844:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '844'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:844:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '844'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:846:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:846:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:848:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:848:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:849:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:849:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:850:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '850'-'850').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:850:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '850'-'850').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:850:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '850'-'852').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:850:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '850'-'852').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:850:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '850'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:850:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '850'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:851:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:851:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:851:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:851:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:852:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:852:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:852:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '852'-'850').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:852:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '852'-'850').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:852:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '852'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:852:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentNames' (lines '852'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:853:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:853:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:854:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:854:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:855:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '855'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:855:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '855'-'876').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:856:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:856:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:856:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:856:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:857:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:857:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:857:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:857:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:857:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:857:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:857:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:857:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:859:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:859:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:859:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:859:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:860:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:860:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:860:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:860:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:860:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:860:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:860:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:860:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:862:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:862:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:862:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:862:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:863:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:863:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:863:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:863:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:863:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:863:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:863:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:863:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:864:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:864:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:864:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:864:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:865:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:865:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:865:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:865:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:865:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:865:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:865:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:865:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:868:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:868:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:868:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:868:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:871:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:871:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:871:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:871:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:874:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:874:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:879:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:879:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:885:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromGroup(SCIMGroup)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:885:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromGroup(SCIMGroup)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:885:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromGroup' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:885:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromGroup' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:885:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:885:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:885:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromGroup' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:885:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructAttrsFromGroup' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:886:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:886:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:887:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:887:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:888:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:888:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:889:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'memberList' (lines '889'-'953').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:889:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'memberList' (lines '889'-'953').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:889:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:889:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:889:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:889:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:890:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:890:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:892:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '892'-'908').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:892:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '892'-'908').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:892:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '892'-'953').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:892:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '892'-'953').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:893:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:893:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:894:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'objclass' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:894:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'objclass' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:895:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:895:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:896:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterAttr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:896:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterAttr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:897:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:897:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:901:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:901:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:902:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:902:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:904:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:904:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:905:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:905:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:905:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:905:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:906:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:906:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:907:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:907:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:907:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:907:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:909:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:909:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:909:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:909:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:909:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:909:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:920:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'member' (lines '920'-'953').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:920:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'member' (lines '920'-'953').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:920:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'member' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:920:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'member' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:923:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:923:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:924:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:924:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:925:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:925:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:928:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:928:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:928:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'members' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:928:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'members' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:929:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:929:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:930:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mem' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:930:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mem' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:931:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:931:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:931:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dnUsername' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:931:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dnUsername' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:932:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:932:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:933:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:933:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:934:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:934:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dn' (lines '935'-'935').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dn' (lines '935'-'935').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dn' (lines '935'-'953').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dn' (lines '935'-'953').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:935:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:937:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:937:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:939:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:939:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:939:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:939:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:945:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:945:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:947:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:947:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:951:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:951:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:955:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:955:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:956:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:956:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:964:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructGroupFromAttrs(Attributes)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:964:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructGroupFromAttrs(Attributes)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:964:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructGroupFromAttrs' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:964:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructGroupFromAttrs' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:964:	NPathComplexity: The method 'constructGroupFromAttrs(Attributes)' has an NPath complexity of 200
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:964:	NPathComplexity: The method 'constructGroupFromAttrs(Attributes)' has an NPath complexity of 200
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:964:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructGroupFromAttrs' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:964:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'constructGroupFromAttrs' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:965:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:965:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:966:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:966:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:968:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '968'-'1,006').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:968:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '968'-'1,006').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:968:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '968'-'1,024').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:968:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ldapFilter' (lines '968'-'1,024').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:969:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchDN' (lines '969'-'1,024').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:969:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchDN' (lines '969'-'1,024').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:969:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:969:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'searchDN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:970:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:970:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:971:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cn' (lines '971'-'975').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:971:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cn' (lines '971'-'975').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:971:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:971:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:973:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:973:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:974:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:974:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:975:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:975:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:975:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:975:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:978:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:978:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:979:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'memberList' (lines '979'-'1,024').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:979:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'memberList' (lines '979'-'1,024').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:979:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:979:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:979:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:979:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:980:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberAttrLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:980:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberAttrLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:981:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'memberAttr' (lines '981'-'984').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:981:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'memberAttr' (lines '981'-'984').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:983:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:983:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:984:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:984:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:984:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:984:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:986:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:986:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:986:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:986:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:986:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:986:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:987:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:987:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idLookup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:988:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '988'-'994').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:988:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '988'-'994').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:988:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:988:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:989:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:989:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:990:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:990:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:992:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:992:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:992:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'val' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:992:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'val' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:994:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:994:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:998:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:998:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:998:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:998:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:998:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:998:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1003:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1003:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1003:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberDn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1003:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberDn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1004:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1004:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1004:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1004:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1004:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1004:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1005:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1005:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1005:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1005:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1005:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberCn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1005:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberCn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1006:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1006:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1009:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1009:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1010:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1010:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1015:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1015:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1015:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1015:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1015:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1015:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1015:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memHolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1015:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memHolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1022:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1022:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1035:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1035:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1035:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1035:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1037:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1037:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1038:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1038:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1039:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '1,039'-'1,075').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1039:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '1,039'-'1,075').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1039:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1039:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1039:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1039:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1039:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1039:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1040:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1040:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1044:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '1,044'-'1,050').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1044:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '1,044'-'1,050').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1047:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'controls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1047:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'controls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1049:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1049:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1052:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1052:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1053:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1053:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1053:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1053:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1054:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1054:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1054:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fullName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1054:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fullName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1055:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1055:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1056:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1056:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1056:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1056:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1056:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'containerName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1056:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'containerName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1056:	UseIndexOfChar: String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1056:	UseIndexOfChar: String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1057:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1057:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1059:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1059:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1059:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1059:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1059:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1059:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1063:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1063:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1064:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1064:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1073:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1073:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1085:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1085:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1085:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1085:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1086:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1086:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1087:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1087:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1088:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '1,088'-'1,118').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1088:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '1,088'-'1,118').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1088:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1088:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1088:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1088:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1088:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1088:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1089:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1089:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1093:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '1,093'-'1,099').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1093:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namingEnum' (lines '1,093'-'1,099').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1096:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'controls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1096:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'controls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1098:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1098:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1102:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1102:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1106:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1106:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1107:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1107:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1116:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1116:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filePathName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filePathName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'text' (lines '1,128'-'1,129').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'text' (lines '1,128'-'1,129').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1133:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1133:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decrypt(String, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decrypt(String, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFileLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFileLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'salt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'salt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1142:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'saltByte' (lines '1,147'-'1,175').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'saltByte' (lines '1,147'-'1,175').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'saltByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'saltByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'passKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'passKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ciphertext' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ciphertext' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1151:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1151:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1152:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1152:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1155:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iv' (lines '1,155'-'1,175').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1155:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iv' (lines '1,155'-'1,175').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1155:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like iv
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1155:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like iv
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1156:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ct' (lines '1,156'-'1,175').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1156:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ct' (lines '1,156'-'1,175').
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ct' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ct' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1156:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ct
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1156:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ct
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1159:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1159:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'spec' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'spec' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1159:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 65536 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1159:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 65536 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'secret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1166:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1166:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'plaintext' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'plaintext' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1167:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1167:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1171:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1171:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1172:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/okta/scim/server/ldap/connector/SCIMServiceUtil.java:1172:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
